Indie example application we book thus far we haven't used any directives besides components which are
directives that's important but we haven't used any Obert directives.
No built in directives.
No let's say one thing we want to do is we only want to show this server was create a text here.
There is no need to have this.
No sir was create a text to be displayed.
So would be nice if we could conditionally show this message.
And for that we need some help.
We can use a directive shipping with angular NGF directive.
Now it works like a IF statement.
And to be precise it works like this in our service component here where we output the server creation
status.
I would comment this out so that we can still reference the code but now I will add a new paragraph
simply say server was created server name is bind my server name.
Now with this in place it will still work.
But now we always see with every keystroke how we change this server name not really what I want.
Instead I want to output it as soon as you click this button here.
So what I can do is I can add a directive here.
And as I said typically directives are added by using an attribute selector.
And pretty much all the built in directives used that selector and if does and then NGF is added by
adding a start.
This is important.
And if the star is required because Engy is a structural directive which means it changes the structure
of our dorm it either adds this element or it doesn't add it.
So that's just some extra information for angular.
The directive itself is just NGF but the start is required.
Without it it will not work correctly.
So Engy if and then we can set up our conditions here between the quotation marks for NGF.
This has to be.
Any expression returning true or false.
Deciding whether this should be added or not.
So here it would make sense to add a new property which we name server created and set it to false and
we set this to true once the button is clicked.
So here in on create server which is triggered when the button is clicked here said server created equal
to true like that.
Now with this we can go back to our template and simply bind NGF to server created.
And again this could also call a method which returns true or false.
Or directly perform the check between the quotation marks.
Anything which returns true or false.
Now with this if we save this what you see is that there is no text.
But if a nameless tests are two and click the button now the text is added year.
And the interesting thing is if I reload the app and we inspect our dorm here you'll see that our ambassador
component below bloated is above that is the button.
But if I click this button a new element was entered here.
The paragraph and here you see kind of the hook which angle are created to know where it should be entered.
But the important thing is it's really added or removed to or from the dorm.
It's not there all the time it's not hidden it's just not there.
Which is super important to understand.
So that's NGF again to start at the beginning indicates that this is a structural directive really.
Changing the dorm as you just saw